docs(api): explain `.parse()`’s exiting behavior more clearly (#1647)
yargs/yargs: docs/api.md

})
```

***Note:*** Providing a callback to `parse()` disables automatic exiting of the
process (as if the [`exitProcess` setting](#exitprocess) were set to `false`)

> until after the callback is invoked.

Reviewer: rather than saying "until after the callback is invoked", perhaps something along the lines of, the Node process will exit normally, i.e., when the event loop is empty, or an error is thrown.

Author: I’m afraid I don’t understand the relevance of the Node process exiting normally, or why it’s unnecessary to say “until after the callback is invoked”.

This is how I understand the phrase “until after the callback is invoked”:

> Providing a callback to `parse()` disables automatic exiting of the process (as if the `exitProcess` setting were set to `false`). After the callback is invoked, future calls to `yargs.parse()` without a callback will follow the `exitProcess` setting – i.e. they might exit automatically if an error is encountered during parsing.

Is that an accurate reading? How is normal Node exiting behavior relevant?

Reviewer 2: > I’m afraid I don’t understand the relevance of the Node process exiting normally

Because this is the way `exitProcess(false)` works: yargs no longer exits the process, and if you have some code after your call to parse(), it is executed by node.

If this code calls `parse()` again without `exitProcess(false)`, then, yes, yargs will exit the process. Otherwise, the process will be exited normally by node after all code is executed.

Your first wording could be understood as yargs automatically exiting the process after the callback was ran (so before the code after `parse()` was executed), which is not the case.

})
```

***Note:*** Providing a callback to `parse()` prevents Yargs from exiting

> automatically while the callback is running, as if the [`exitProcess`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically while there is still work in the event loop, as if the [`exitProcess`
```
